---
layout: post
title: Why should anyone blog?
comments: True
---

We are almost at the end of the year 2017 and blogging is certainly not what it used to be say 10 years back. So is
blogging still relevant today and is there any value in spending time doing this? It would be worthwhile spending some
time pondering over this question before even embarking on this new journey.

### What should I blog about

This was easy, atleast that is what I thought. I am an engineer by profession and it only made sense to talk about my
day-to-day work, current hobby projects that I am working on and sharing my learnings with the rest of the world. Any
other random musings on related and not-so-related subjects, if and when applicable.

### Why should I blog

Now that I have the "what" figured out, it made more sense to explore the "why" question. Here is what I came up with:

* Improve written communication: something we engineers often overlook. 
* Reinforce your own learnings: Grill something you have learned into your own head. Writing about it helps.
* Share what you have learned: the world is small and we engineers are mostly working on pretty much the same kind of
  problems most of the time. It is highly likely that your findings can help somebody else in some other corner of the
planet. Isn't that what the internet was intended for anyway?
* Engage in meaningful discussions: Yes, I know the trolls exist. But I am hoping for atleast one genuinely helpful
  comment. If that can help me learn something new, this is well worth the exercise.

Hopefully, you, the reader agree with the above assessments and take up blogging.

Thanks for reading so far. Peace!
